Update extension docs for logs integration (#9043)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/datadog_lambda_library/extension.md

AWS Lambda Extensions are companion processes that augment your Lambda functions. They run within the Lambda execution environment, alongside your Lambda function code. The Datadog Extension is a lightweight version of the Datadog agent built to run alongside your code with minimal performance overhead.

> The Datadog Extension currently supports submitting custom metrics and logs [synchronously][1] while your AWS Lambda function executes. This means that you can submit some of your telemetry data without the [Datadog Forwarder][2]. Note that the Datadog Forwarder is still required to submit traces to Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog Extension supports submitting custom metrics and logs [synchronously][1] while your AWS Lambda function executes. This means that you can submit some of your telemetry data without the [Datadog Forwarder][2]. **Note**: The Datadog Forwarder is still required to submit traces to Datadog.
```

4. Reference the [sample code][10] to submit a custom metric.

> ### Log Collection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Log collection
```

> To submit your AWS Lambda logs to Datadog using the Extension, set the env variable `DD_LOGS_ENABLED` to `true` on your function. This additionally generates Datadog's [enhanced metrics][11] automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To submit your AWS Lambda logs to Datadog using the Extension, set the env variable `DD_LOGS_ENABLED` to `true` in your function. Additionally, this generates Datadog's [enhanced metrics][11].
```
